# GraphQL service - Record as output object

In a Ballerina GraphQL service, a record type can be used to represent an `OBJECT` type in a GraphQL schema. The type name and the field names are mapped one-to-one from the Ballerina to GraphQL. Types are generated by recursively analyzing the types that are used in a Ballerina GraphQL service. Use a record type to represent an `OBJECT` type only when all fields of that object type do not have any input arguments.

This example shows a GraphQL endpoint, which has a field `profile` of type `Profile!` in the root `Query` type. A GraphQL client can query this service to retrieve specific fields or subfields of the `Profile` object.

>**Note:** A service type can also be used to represent an `OBJECT` type when a field in the `OBJECT` type as input arguments.

::: code graphql_returning_record_values.bal :::

Run the service by executing the following command.

::: out graphql_returning_record_values.server.out :::

Send the following document to the GraphQL endpoint to test the service.

::: code graphql_returning_record_values.graphql :::

To send the document, use the following cURL command in a separate terminal.

::: out graphql_returning_record_values.client.out :::

>**Tip:** You can invoke the above service via the [GraphQL client](/learn/by-example/graphql-client-query-endpoint/).

## Related links
- [`graphql` package - API documentation](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/graphql/latest)
- [GraphQL record type as object - Specification](/spec/graphql/#421-record-type-as-object)
